com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/IconSpinnerItem.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.IconSpinnerItem
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/TaskListView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskListView
com/projctrfade/safdjw/persistence/LocalDayStorageImpl.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.persistence.LocalDayStorageImpl
com/projctrfade/safdjw/common/Messages.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.Messages
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/ITaskListViewContract.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.ITaskListViewContract
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.ITaskListViewContract$View
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.ITaskListViewContract$ViewModel
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/Hour.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.Hour
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/HourViewEvent.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourViewEvent
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourViewEvent$Event
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/IDayStorage.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.IDayStorage
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/TaskGridItemView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskGridItemView
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/constants/HOUR_MODE.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.constants.HOUR_MODE
com/projctrfade/safdjw/persistence/PreloadData.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.persistence.PreloadData
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/ToggleHourView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.ToggleHourView
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/TaskViewLogic.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskViewLogic
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskViewLogic$1
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskViewLogic$2
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskViewLogic$3
com/projctrfade/safdjw/common/IconUtility.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.IconUtility
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.IconUtility$1
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayViewEvent.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayViewEvent
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayViewEvent$Event
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayListItemView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayListItemView
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/buildlogic/TaskViewInjector.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.buildlogic.TaskViewInjector
com/projctrfade/safdjw/common/Continuation.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.Continuation
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayViewUpdate.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayViewUpdate
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/IHourContract.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.IHourContract
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.IHourContract$View
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.IHourContract$ViewModel
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/HourViewLogic.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourViewLogic
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourViewLogic$1
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourViewLogic$2
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourViewLogic$3
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourViewLogic$4
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayListItemViewMaker.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayListItemViewMaker
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayListItemViewMaker$1
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/HourViewModel.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourViewModel
com/projctrfade/safdjw/common/BaseViewLogic.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.BaseViewLogic
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayViewModel.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayViewModel
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/HourActivity.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourActivity
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/TasksListViewEvent.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TasksListViewEvent
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TasksListViewEvent$Event
com/projctrfade/safdjw/StorageServiceLocator.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.StorageServiceLocator
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/constants/BASIC_TASKS.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.constants.BASIC_TASKS
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/constants/QUARTER.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.constants.QUARTER
com/projctrfade/safdjw/common/TimeFormatUtility.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.TimeFormatUtility
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.TimeFormatUtility$1
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/ITaskViewContract.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.ITaskViewContract
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.ITaskViewContract$View
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.ITaskViewContract$ViewModel
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayViewLogic.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayViewLogic
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayViewLogic$1
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayViewLogic$2
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayViewLogic$3
com/projctrfade/safdjw/common/Subscriber.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.Subscriber
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/constants/Extras.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.constants.Extras
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/TaskListActivity.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskListActivity
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/IconSpinnerAdapter.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.IconSpinnerAdapter
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/TaskViewEvent.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskViewEvent
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskViewEvent$Event
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/QuarterHour.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.QuarterHour
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/LIST_ITEM_TYPE.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.LIST_ITEM_TYPE
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/TaskViewModel.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskViewModel
com/projctrfade/safdjw/common/Publisher.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.Publisher
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/buildlogic/HourViewInjector.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.buildlogic.HourViewInjector
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/constants/ICON.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.constants.ICON
com/projctrfade/safdjw/persistence/LocalTaskStorageImpl.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.persistence.LocalTaskStorageImpl
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayView
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayActivity.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayActivity
com/projctrfade/safdjw/BuildConfig.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.BuildConfig
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/constants/COLOR.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.constants.COLOR
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/ColorPickerView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.ColorPickerView
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.ColorPickerView$ColorPickerViewClickHandler
com/projctrfade/safdjw/common/ColorUtility.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.ColorUtility
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.common.ColorUtility$1
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/ITaskStorage.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.ITaskStorage
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/TaskGridItemViewMaker.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskGridItemViewMaker
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/DayAdapter.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayAdapter
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayAdapter$1
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayAdapter$BaseViewHolder
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayAdapter$DayAdapterEventHandler
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayAdapter$FourTaskViewHolder
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayAdapter$SingleTaskViewHolder
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayAdapter$ThreeTaskViewHolder
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.DayAdapter$TwoTaskViewHolder
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/TaskView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskView
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskView$1
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/TaskListViewModel.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskListViewModel
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ApplicationExecutors.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ApplicationExecutors
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ApplicationExecutors$1
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ApplicationExecutors$MainThreadExecutor
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/HourView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourView
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourView$1
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/Tasks.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.Tasks
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/buildlogic/TaskListViewInjector.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.buildlogic.TaskListViewInjector
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/IDayViewContract.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.IDayViewContract
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.IDayViewContract$View
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.IDayViewContract$ViewModel
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/dayview/buildlogic/DayViewInjector.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.dayview.buildlogic.DayViewInjector
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/Task.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.Task
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managetaskview/TaskActivity.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managetaskview.TaskActivity
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/TaskListViewLogic.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskListViewLogic
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskListViewLogic$1
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskListViewLogic$2
com/projctrfade/safdjw/domain/Day.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.domain.Day
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/tasklistview/TaskGridItemViewAdapter.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskGridItemViewAdapter
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.tasklistview.TaskGridItemViewAdapter$TaskGridAdapterCallback
com/projctrfade/safdjw/ui/managehourview/HourToggleView.java
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourToggleView
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourToggleView$1
 com.projctrfade.safdjw.ui.managehourview.HourToggleView$ToggleViewClickHandler
